Add extensions architecture section (#16289)
docker/docs: desktop/extensions-sdk/build/set-up/backend-extension-tutorial.md

- Store the extension state, like when a button starts a long-running process, so that if you navigate away
  from the extension user interface and come back, the frontend can pick up where it left off.

> Learn more about what is an extension backend in the [architecture](../../architecture/index.md#the-backend) section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Learn more about extension backend in the [architecture](../../architecture/index.md#the-backend) section.
```

## Add a backend to the extension

> If you created your extension using the `docker extension init` command, you already have a backend set up. If it is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you created your extension using the `docker extension init` command, you already have a backend setup. If it is
```
